Remove jargon from the credential management page (#1922)
PelicanPlatform/pelican: docs/pages/advanced-usage/server.mdx

# Managing Administrator Credentials

Pelican services maintain multiple types of credentials:
- The *admin password* provides access to the server's web interface.
- The *namespace private key* can create arbitrary new credentials (user tokens) for a portion of the federation's namespace.

This page covers various topics in managing these credentials.

## Pre-generate Credentials

### Namespace Private Key

> > **Note**: The namespace private key is a **powerful secret** and should never be shared with others.  With the private key, one can create user credentials the can arbitrary read or write into your namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: The namespace private key is a **powerful secret** and should never be shared with others.  With the private key, one can create user credentials that can **arbitrarily read or write into your namespace**.
```
